Upload blog for HACS 2.0 (#34390)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_posts/2024-08-21-hacs-the-best-way-to-share-community-made-projects.markdown

### Update and repair <!-- omit from toc -->

<img src='/images/blog/2024-08-hacs2/updates-repairs.png' style='border: 0;box-shadow: none;' alt="update all your Home Assistant from the same place">

No more visiting the HACS page every day to check for updates. They'll now appear in the same places system and add-on [updates](https://my.home-assistant.io/redirect/updates/) appear in the native Home Assistant format. Also, once they're finished updating, they will give you suggested repairs (for instance, reloading the dashboards or rebooting Home Assistant).

### Other improvements <!-- omit from toc -->

We have also renamed things to help them make more sense, including changing "category" to "type", and "Lovelace" to "dashboard" (Lovelace needs to make room for [Grace](https://www.home-assistant.io/blog/2024/03/04/dashboard-chapter-1/#what-is-project-grace)). We're also including Template management, which utilizes the new [template type](https://www.hacs.dev/docs/publish/template/) to enhance your Jinja templates.

{% note %}

> **Breaking changes** - There have been some breaking changes, such as removing the yaml configuration, no longer including the NetDaemon type, and moving [beta selection to a switch entity](https://www.hacs.dev/docs/use/entities/update/). Many of the changes are more likely to affect those sharing their code via HACS, check the [release notes for the full list](https://github.com/hacs/integration/releases/tag/2.0.0).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Breaking changes** - There have been some breaking changes, such as removing the YAML configuration, no longer including the NetDaemon type, and moving [beta selection to a switch entity](https://www.hacs.dev/docs/use/entities/update/). Many of the changes are more likely to affect those sharing their code via HACS, check the [release notes for the full list](https://github.com/hacs/integration/releases/tag/2.0.0).
```

Reviewer 2: Thank you for the catch! :fishing_pole_and_fish:
https://github.com/home-assistant/home-assistant.io/pull/34400

Over the years, I continued to work on HACS in my spare time, but there were always aspects of the original version that limited its ability to grow. Recently, the [Open Home Foundation](https://www.openhomefoundation.org/) reached out to make HACS a collaboration partner, and provided development support. Numerous people were brought in to support, from across Nabu Casa and the community, leading to the large list of improvements you see today.

Just before we released this big update, it passed 5,000 stars on GitHub! It's the projects on HACS that make it what it is today, and I'd like to sincerely thank everyone who continues to contribute their code onto the store.

## How to install

{% note %}

> **Proceed with caution** - HACS is not for everyone.  If you're a Home Assistant beginner or are looking for the most stable experience in your smart home, HACS is probably not for you. These are community-made projects that do not receive the same rigorous reviews required of projects submitted to Home Assistant. There may be projects that don't work or, even worse, break your system. Unlike add-ons that run separately and alongside Home Assistant, HACS projects run their code directly in Home Assistant, which increases the chances of crashing or harming your system. Before using HACS, always make a [backup of your system](/integrations/backup/) and download that backup to another device.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Proceed with caution** - HACS is not for everyone.  If you're a Home Assistant beginner or are looking for the most stable experience in your smart home, HACS is probably not for you. These are community-made projects that do not receive the same rigorous reviews required of projects submitted to Home Assistant. There may be projects that don't work or, even worse, break your system. Unlike add-ons that run separately and alongside Home Assistant, HACS projects run their code directly in Home Assistant, which increases the chances of crashing or harming your system. Before using HACS, always make a [backup of your system](https://hacs.xyz/docs/use/data/#creating-a-backup) and download that backup to another device.
```
The backup integration is for Core and Container. Should we link to the HACS backup docs instead?
